Revert "[eas-cli] Upgrade packages to SDK 51 release (#2498)" (#2524)
expo/eas-cli: CHANGELOG.md

### 🐛 Bug fixes

> - Revert config-related packages to SDK 50 version from SDK 5 version to fix broken entitlements behavior for older SDKs. ([#2517](https://github.com/expo/eas-cli/pull/2517) by [@szdziedzic](https://github.com/szdziedzic))

Author: ```suggestion
- Revert config-related packages to SDK 50 version from SDK 51 version to fix broken entitlements behavior for older SDKs. ([#2524](https://github.com/expo/eas-cli/pull/2524) by [@szdziedzic](https://github.com/szdziedzic))
```
